Add info about Microsoft.Testing.Platform.MSBuild and FAQ (#41680)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/testing/unit-testing-platform-faq.md

---
title: Microsoft.Testing.Platform FAQ
description: Get answers to frequently asked questions about Microsoft.Testing.Platform.
author: Evangelink
ms.author: amauryleve
ms.date: 07/09/2024
---

# Microsoft.Testing.Platform FAQ

This article contains answers to commonly asked questions about `Microsoft.Testing.Platform`.

## error CS8892: Method 'TestingPlatformEntryPoint.Main(string[])' will not be used as an entry point because a synchronous entry point 'Program.Main(string[])' was found

> When you are manually defining an entry point (`Main`), there will be a conflict with the entry point generated by `Microsoft.Testing.Platform`. To avoid this issue you can either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manually defining an entry point (`Main`) in test project, or referencing a test project into an application that already has an entry point, will result in conflict with the entry point generated by `Microsoft.Testing.Platform`. To avoid this issue take one of these steps:
```

> - Disable the generation of the entry point by setting the following MSBuild property `<GenerateTestingPlatformEntryPoint>false</GenerateTestingPlatformEntryPoint>`. This is the most common scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove your manually defined entry point, typically `Main` method in `Program.cs`, and let testing platform to generate one for you.

- Disable the generation of the entry point by setting `<GenerateTestingPlatformEntryPoint>false</GenerateTestingPlatformEntryPoint>` MSBuild property.
```

> - Fully disable the transitive dependency to `Microsoft.Testing.Platform.MSBuild` by setting the following MSBuild property `<IsTestingPlatformApplication>false</IsTestingPlatformApplication>`. Note that this is usually required only when you are referencing the test application from a non-test application (e.g. You have a console application referencing a test application).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Completely disable the transitive dependency to `Microsoft.Testing.Platform.MSBuild` by setting `<IsTestingPlatformApplication>false</IsTestingPlatformApplication>` MSBuild property.  Note that this is usually required only when you are referencing the test application from a non-test application (e.g. You have a console application referencing a test application).
```

---
title: Microsoft.Testing.Platform FAQ
description: Get answers to frequently asked questions about Microsoft.Testing.Platform.
author: Evangelink
ms.author: amauryleve
ms.date: 07/09/2024
---

# Microsoft.Testing.Platform FAQ

This article contains answers to commonly asked questions about `Microsoft.Testing.Platform`.

## error CS8892: Method 'TestingPlatformEntryPoint.Main(string[])' will not be used as an entry point because a synchronous entry point 'Program.Main(string[])' was found

Manually defining an entry point (`Main`) in test project, or referencing a test project into an application that already has an entry point, will result in conflict with the entry point generated by `Microsoft.Testing.Platform`. To avoid this issue take one of these steps:

> - Remove your manually defined entry point, typically `Main` method in `Program.cs`, and let testing platform to generate one for you.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Remove your manually defined entry point, typically `Main` method in _Program.cs_, and let testing platform to generate one for you.
```
